04-data-types-and-format.md: add missing key points (#328)
datacarpentry/python-ecology-lesson: _episodes/04-data-types-and-format.md

    - "Analyze datasets having missing/null values (NaN values)."
    - "Write manipulated data to a file."
keypoints:

>     - "Pandas and base Python use slightly different names for data types"

Reviewer: Just to make my previous comment clearer:
1. Let's not use "base Python", just Python. I suggest we don't introduce new terms in this lesson so that learners don't remember terms that do not exist in the wild. Hence, I suggest removing the word "base" from the episode (in a different PR).
2. One can't say that "Pandas and Python use different names for data types" because Pandas and Python are different beasts. It's Pandas that uses different (from Python's) names for data types, for example: "object" for textual data. So, you can say something like:
```
Pandas uses different (from Python's) names for data types, for example: "object" for textual data.
```

Author: 1. I will recommend reading episode 04 line 62 https://github.com/datacarpentry/python-ecology-lesson/blob/gh-pages/_episodes/04-data-types-and-format.md, the wording base Python has been already introduced.

2. Keypoints are related to the episode and come at the end, hence there are no examples, they have seen the examples and the keypoints are only a summary.

what about this?

"The library Pandas uses other names for data types than base Python"

Reviewer: Remove unnecessary words:

> Pandas uses other names for data types than Python.

Reviewer: Regarding the "example" (`"object" for textual data.`) and keypoints in general: 1. I know where keypoints appear in the episode. 2. it repeats the material that some of the participants have been taught for the first time, so repeating it once again is not a bad thing.

Reviewer 2: I'm mostly ambivalent on the use of Python vs. base Python. I sort of lean towards "base Python", since learners have a hard time with what is Python vs. what is the shell vs. what is Pandas. But I really like the idea of including an example - particularly the object type, since it comes up a lot, and will come up in future lessons.

>     - "Pandas and base Python use slightly different names for data types"

Author: ```suggestion
    - "Pandas uses other names for data types than Python, for example: “object" for textual data."
```

>     - Python uses two main data types text and numeric, these have a different names in basic Python and Pandas

Author: ```suggestion
    - "Pandas and base Python use slightly different names for data types"
```

>     - Each column in a DataFrame has a shared data type for all rows

Author: ```suggestion
    - "Each column in a DataFrame has a shared data type for all rows"
```

>     - "Each column in a DataFrame has a shared data type for all rows"

Reviewer: ... Is there an easier way to convey the same information? ... I mean, I understand what you're trying to say here because I know what you mean. But "shared data type" does not sound right. I suggest we add two points instead: about rows and about columns. About columns you can say something like `All data in a column in a DataFrame are of the same type` or `A column in a DataFrame can have data of one type only`

Reviewer 2: I like "A column in a DataFrame can only have one data type".

>     - "Each column in a DataFrame has a shared data type for all rows"

Author: ```suggestion
    - "A column in a DataFrame can only have one data type."
```

>     - Any data type can be converted to another type

Author: ```suggestion
    - "The type of one column in a DataFrame can be checked using `dataFrameName[column_name].dtype`"
```

>     - "The type of one column in a DataFrame can be checked using `dataFrameName[column_name].dtype`"

Reviewer: `The type of data...`

Reviewer 2: I also have a preference for keeping code out of the key points, and this seems to be shared across other lessons. Could we do:

"The data type of one column in a DataFrame can be checked using the column's `dtype` attribute"?

Reviewer: Columns do not have type. Data in columns does. I suggest something like`The type of data in a single column in a DataFrame...`

Reviewer 2: Oh, I thought dtype was an attribute of the column object. Does `.dtype` check for the most inclusive type?

>     - "The type of one column in a DataFrame can be checked using `dataFrameName[column_name].dtype`"

Author: ```suggestion
    - "The data type in a DataFrame’s single column can be checked using `dtype`."
```

>     - Null values can be discarded or changed 

Author: ```suggestion
    - "Make conscious decisions about how to manage missing data"
```

>     - "Make conscious decisions about how to manage missing data"

Author: ```suggestion
    - "Make conscious decisions about how to manage missing data."
```

>     - "A DataFrame can be saved to a CSV file using `pd.read_csv`"

Reviewer: read?

Reviewer: also, let's not us `pd.<something>` but `Panda's <something>`

Reviewer 2: Agree, perhaps:

"A DataFrame can be saved to a CSV file using the `read_csv` function."

Reviewer: My points were that 1. the command to write dataframe to a file is `to_csv` and 2. `pd` is not introduced in keypoints so is someone reads through keypoints only they will have hard time understanding this. Also, at least in swcarpentry/python-novice-inflammation lesson there was a decision to use full module names (`numpy` and not `np`, `matplotlib.pyplot` and not `plt`). `pd` is a useful shortcut but unnecessary here.

>     - "A DataFrame can be saved to a CSV file using `pd.read_csv`"

Author: ```suggestion
    - "A DataFrame can be saved to a CSV file using `pandas.to_csv`."
```

>     - "A DataFrame can be saved to a CSV file using `pandas.to_csv`."

Reviewer: use either:

> pandas' `to_csv`

or 

> `pd.to_csv`

The former uses official (lowercase) name for pandas package the the former uses currently-used-in-the-lesson short name `pd` (which, I think, we ought to change to `pandas`)

Reviewer: I actually like @wrightaprilm's suggestion (DataFrame can be saved to a CSV file using the to_csv function)

Reviewer 2: Don't sound too surprised, haha;)

```suggestion
    - "DataFrame can be saved to a CSV file using the `to_csv` function."
```
This suggestion should address the comment. Feel free to accept if it looks good to you, @orchid00.

    - "Analyze datasets having missing/null values (NaN values)."
    - "Write manipulated data to a file."
keypoints:

>     - Python uses two main data types text and numeric, these have a different name in basic Python and Pandas

Author: ```suggestion
    - Python uses two main data types text and numeric, these have a different names in basic Python and Pandas
```

>     - Python uses two main data types text and numeric, these have a different names in basic Python and Pandas

Reviewer: 1. I'm not sure what this keypoint means. The "main" data types in Python are numbers, sequences, sets, mappings.
2. There is no "basic" Python, just Python
3. One can't compare Python and Pandas as these are of different kind (Pandas is a Python package). You can say that Pandas does something differently than Python (if that's what you want to say here).

Author: keypoints are addressing this episode https://datacarpentry.org/python-ecology-lesson/04-data-types-and-format/index.html

please see suggestion from the text

    - Each column in a DataFrame has a shared data type for all rows

>     - You can convert any data type to another type

Author: ```suggestion
    - Any data type can be converted to another type
```

>     - Any data type can be converted to another type

Reviewer: 1. Data types can not be converted. Variables can.
2. Not any data type can be converted to another type (DataFrame to boolean).
Why do you think this keypoint is important?

Author: right!, the point is about checking types with dtype, please see changes

>     - You can discard or change null values

Author: ```suggestion
    - Null values can be discarded or changed 
```

>     - Null values can be discarded or changed 

Reviewer: Not clear what this means. This point has to be either clarified or removed.

>     - A DataFrame can be saved as a CSV file

Reviewer: saved _to_

>     - A DataFrame can be saved as a CSV file

Author: ```suggestion
    - A DataFrame can be saved to a CSV file
```

>     

Reviewer: Please remove this empty line

>     

Author: ```suggestion
```

>     - After manipulating a DataFrame you can save it in a CSV file

Author: ```suggestion
    - A DataFrame can be saved as a CSV file
```
